Complete releasing instructions to avoid sending a PR to rosdistro (#44)
gazebosim/ros_gz: RELEASING.md

    -  bloom-release --rosdistro melodic --track melodic ros1_ign
    -  [use repository: git@github.com:osrf/ros1_ign-release.git]
    -  [will fail fedora: ignore and continue]

>     -  IMPORTANT: once bloom finishes of pushing tasg and branches to the repo control+c the process before it sends a PR to rosdistro

Reviewer: Just some small suggestions:

```suggestion
    -  **IMPORTANT**: once bloom finishes pushing tags and branches to the repo, `control+c` the process before it sends a PR to rosdistro
```
